Feature/update readme (#44)
bmw-tech/widget_driver: widget_driver/doc/drivable_widgets.md

---

## Core concepts

`DrivableWidgets` and `WidgetDrivers` are close friends. They always come in pairs. Whenever you create a `DrivableWidget`, then you will also create a `WidgetDriver`.

### The driver property

Each `DrivableWidget` has access to a property called `driver`. This is the instance of your `WidgetDriver`. When you want to grab some data from the driver and use it in your build method then all you need to do is to access the `driver`. Like this:

```dart
MyCoolWidget extends DrivableWidget<MyCoolWidgetDriver> {
    Widget build(BuildContext context) {
        return Column(children: [
            Text(driver.coolTitle),
            Text(driver.coolSubtitle),
        ]);
    }
}
```

The `driver` is the place you go to to get data.  
Don't grab data directly in the widget from some other data source like a `BLoC` or `Provider` or something.

If there is data which your widget needs from some other source, then put the logic which grabs that data in the `driver`. The `driver` has access to the BuildContext and can easily resolve that data. And then the widget can access it via the `driver`.

> The important part why you need to **always** go via the `driver` when you grab data from other sources, is so that you can easily test your widget!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The important part why you need to **always** go via the `driver`: When you would grab data from other sources, you can not test your widget so easily any more!
```

If you always use the `driver` as a data provider in your widget, then when you test your widget, that data will be provided via the `TestDriver` and you do not need to mock it!

If you grab data from another source in your widget, then the widgetTest will crash unless you provide specific mock values for that data.

### Creating a DrivableWidget

So how do you create a `DrivableWidget`? Well that is pretty easy. Just extend `DrivableWidget` and pass in your `WidgetDriver` type as the generic type to it. Like so:

```dart
MyCoolWidget extends DrivableWidget<MyCoolWidgetDriver> {}
```

> Pro tip: Since you need the type of your `WidgetDriver` as input to your `DrivableWidget`, it is generally a good idea to first create your `Driver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pro tip: Since you need the type of your `WidgetDriver` as input to your `DrivableWidget`,
it is generally a good idea to create your `Driver` first.
```

# DrivableWidgets

These are your new go-to-widgets!  
As the name suggests, a `DrivableWidget` is a widget that can be driven by a `Driver`.

---

## Core concepts

`DrivableWidgets` and `WidgetDrivers` are close friends. They always come in pairs. Whenever you create a `DrivableWidget`, then you will also create a `WidgetDriver`.

### The driver property

Each `DrivableWidget` has access to a property called `driver`. This is the instance of your `WidgetDriver`. When you want to grab some data from the driver and use it in your build method then all you need to do is to access the `driver`. Like this:

```dart
MyCoolWidget extends DrivableWidget<MyCoolWidgetDriver> {
    Widget build(BuildContext context) {
        return Column(children: [
            Text(driver.coolTitle),
            Text(driver.coolSubtitle),
        ]);
    }
}
```

> The `driver` is the place you go to to get data.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `driver` is the place you go to get data.  
```
